Dzelge xxx gh actions (#481)
dcs4cop/xcube: CHANGES.md

* Added a new utility module `xcube.util.temp` that allows for creating 
  temporary files and directories that will be deleted when the current 
  process ends.

> * Added a GitHub action that will unittest xcube, and build and push docker images. The

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* Added a GitHub action that will run xcube unit tests, and build and push Docker images. The
```
